[Enhancement] Add option to choose relative path of BE's debug symbol (#51389)
StarRocks/starrocks: be/CMakeLists.txt

option(WITH_TENANN "Build with TENANN" OFF)

> option(WITH_RELATIVE_PATH "Build .c source file with relative path" OFF)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
option(WITH_RELATIVE_SRC_PATH "Build source file with relative path" ON)
```

make it `ON` by default.

Author: Fixed.
